Fully configurable auto-generated launch config for local deployments. (#800)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/toolbars.md

1. The Unreal<->SpatialOS networking switch
1. The “Number of Servers” multiplayer option

> 1. The "SpatialOS Settings" menu item which opens the [SpatialOS settings](#settings)

Reviewer: Check the capitalisation on the menu item. Ideally change it to "SpatialOS settings", but if that's non-trivial, leave this doc as it is. If however the menu item is already "SpatialOS settings", update the doc to match :)

Author: The menu item in Unreal is with capital S, which is consistent with the Unreal native `Advanced Settings` menu button.

Reviewer: Cool, leave as is because it's already consistent.

> **Warning:** As the GDK is in alpha, switching back to Unreal default networking mode can be a useful way to debug and so speed up your development iteration. However, you lose access to the multiserver features of the GDK in Unreal default networking mode which may lead to erratic behavior.

### Auto-generated launch config for PIE server-workers

You can launch multiple servers at the same time from within the Unreal Editor in [PIE (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/UI/LevelEditor/InEditorTesting#playineditor) configuration. To configure the number of servers launched, open the **Play** drop-down menu and use the slider `Number of Servers` within the `Multiplayer Options` section.

> To connect multiple servers-workers to SpatialOS, you need to tell SpatialOS how many server-workers you will be connecting. In `<ProjectPath>\spatial\default_launch.json` there is a load balancing section which dictates how many workers will be connected to SpatialOS. By default, When launching SpatialOS through the editor, a launch configuration is auto-generated for you based on the settings specified on the [SpatialOS editor settings](#settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect multiple servers-workers to SpatialOS, you need to tell SpatialOS how many server-workers to connect. You do this in the load balancing section of the launch configuration file (<ProjectPath>\spatial\default_launch.json`). However, by default, when you launch SpatialOS through the editor, this launch configuration file is auto-generated for you based on the settings specified in the [SpatialOS editor settings](#settings).
```

> This uses the [`rectangle_grid`](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/load-balancer-config-2#rectangular-grid-rectangle-grid) strategy with 1 column and 1 row. To connect 2 servers, change this to 1 column and 2 rows (or vice-versa). Read more about the different kinds of load balancing strategies [here](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/load-balancer-config-2#load-balancing-with-the-new-runtime).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This uses the [`rectangle_grid`](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/load-balancer-config-2#rectangular-grid-rectangle-grid) strategy with 1 column and 1 row. To connect 2 servers, change this to 1 column and 2 rows (or vice-versa). Read more about the different kinds of load balancing strategies [here](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/worker-configuration/load-balancing).
```

> **Warning:** As the GDK is in alpha, switching back to Unreal default networking mode can be a useful way to debug and so speed up your development iteration. However, you lose access to the multiserver features of the GDK in Unreal default networking mode which may lead to erratic behavior.

> ### Auto-generated launch config for PIE server-workers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Auto-generated launch config for PIE server-worker types
```

You can launch multiple servers at the same time from within the Unreal Editor in [PIE (Unreal documentation)](https://docs.unrealengine.com/en-us/Engine/UI/LevelEditor/InEditorTesting#playineditor) configuration. To configure the number of servers launched, open the **Play** drop-down menu and use the slider `Number of Servers` within the `Multiplayer Options` section.

> If you want to connect multiple servers-workers to SpatialOS, you need to tell SpatialOS how many server-workers to connect. You do this in the load balancing section of the launch configuration file (<ProjectPath>\spatial\default_launch.json`). However, by default, when you launch SpatialOS through the editor, this launch configuration file is auto-generated for you based on the settings specified in the [SpatialOS editor settings](#settings).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to connect multiple server-worker instances to SpatialOS, you need to tell SpatialOS how many instances to connect. You do this in the load balancing section of the launch configuration file (<ProjectPath>\spatial\default_launch.json`). However, by default, when you launch SpatialOS through the editor, this launch configuration file is auto-generated for you based on the settings specified in the [SpatialOS editor settings](#settings).
```

| Setting | Description |
| --- | --- |
| Command line flags for local launch | Command line flags passed in to `spatial local launch`. |
| Launch configuration | The [launch configuration file]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#launch-configuration-file) to use when running `spatial local launch` using the **Start** button. |
| Stop on exit |  If enabled, shuts down running deployments when you close the Unreal Editor. |

> | Generate default launch config | If checked, the GDK creates a [launch configuration file]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#launch-configuration-file) by default when you launch a local deployment through the toolbar. |

Reviewer: Is there any reason why this says "If checked", whereas the row above says "If enabled"?

Reviewer: (If there's no reason for them to be different, I'd suggest choosing one and making them all consistent. If there is a reason, you can ignore me!)

Author: Sure will updated now:)

> | Launch configuration description | Auto generated launch configuration description. The settings expose the configurations in [launch config documentation](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/13.6/shared/project-layout/launch-config). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Launch configuration description | Auto-generated launch configuration description. The settings expose the configurations in the [launch config documentation](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/project-layout/launch-config). |
```
